modified fav channel (#5932)
mattermost/docs: source/channels/favorite-channels.rst

.. include:: ../_static/badges/allplans-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

> By deciding which public channels, private channels, and direct messages are most significant to you, you can organize your channel sidebar by marking the channels that are most important to you as **Favourites**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mark public channels, private channels, and direct messages as **Favorite** so they appear in the **Favorite** category in the channel sidebar.
```

> To mark a channel as a **Favourites** one, you need to open the channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a channel as a **Favorites** one, you need to open the channel:
```

**On desktop:** At the top of the page, select on the star icon next to the channel name.

.. image:: ../images/favorite-channel-desktop.png
    :alt: Mark a channel as a favorite.
       

> This adds the channel to a **Favourites** list at the top of the channel sidebar, so it's easy to access. To remove a channel from the **Favourites** list, select the star again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds the channel to a **Favorites** list at the top of the channel sidebar, so it's easy to access. To remove a channel from the **Favorites** list, select the star again.
```

.. image:: ../images/favorites-list-sidebar.png
    :alt: Favorite channels in the channel sidebar.
       

> **On mobile:** Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Favourites**. To remove a channel from the **Favourites** list, select **Favourites** again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On mobile:** Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Favorites**. To remove a channel from the **Favorites** list, select **Favorites** again.
```

.. include:: ../_static/badges/allplans-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

You can mark public channels, private channels, and direct messages as Favorite so they appear in the Favorite category in the channel sidebar.
To mark a channel as a **Favorites** one, you need to open the channel:

.. tabs::

    .. tab:: Web/Desktop App

      At the top of the page, select on the star icon next to the channel name.

      .. image:: ../images/favorite-channel-desktop.png
         :alt: Mark a channel as a favorite.

     This adds the channel to a **Favorites** list at the top of the channel sidebar, so it's easy to access. To remove a channel from the **Favorites** list, select the star again.

     .. image:: ../images/favorites-list-sidebar.png
        :alt: Favorite channels in the channel sidebar.
       
     **On mobile:** Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Favorites**. To remove a channel from the **Favorites** list, select **Favorites** again.

   .. tab:: Mobile App v2

>       .. image:: ../images/fav_channel_mobile_app.gif

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. image:: ../images/fav.gif
```

.. include:: ../_static/badges/allplans-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

You can mark public channels, private channels, and direct messages as Favorite so they appear in the **Favorites** category in the channel sidebar.

To mark a channel as a **Favorite**, open the channel:

.. tabs::

  .. tab:: Web/Desktop App

    At the top of the page, select on the star icon next to the channel name.

    .. image:: ../images/favorite-channel-desktop.png
      :alt: Mark a channel as a favorite.

    This adds the channel to a **Favorites** list at the top of the channel sidebar, so it's easy to access. To remove a channel from the **Favorites** list, select the star again.At the top of the page, select the star icon next to the channel name.

    .. image:: ../images/favorites-list-sidebar.png
      :alt: Favorite channels in the channel sidebar.

  .. tab:: Mobile App v2

    Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Favorites**. To remove a channel from the **Favorites** list, select **Favorites** again.

>     .. image:: ../images/fav.gif

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. image:: ../images/fav_channel_mobile_app.gif
```

.. include:: ../_static/badges/allplans-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

You can mark public channels, private channels, and direct messages as Favorite so they appear in the Favorite category in the channel sidebar.
To mark a channel as a **Favorites** one, you need to open the channel:

.. tabs::

    .. tab:: Web/Desktop App

      At the top of the page, select on the star icon next to the channel name.

      .. image:: ../images/favorite-channel-desktop.png

>       :alt: Mark a channel as a favorite.

Reviewer 2: I suspect this needs to be intended since it's an attribute of the image directive

.. include:: ../_static/badges/allplans-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

> By deciding which public channels, private channels, and direct messages are most significant to you, you can organise your channel sidebar by marking the channels that are most important to you as **Favourites**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have public channels, private channels, and direct messages that are important to you, mark them as **Favorite** to organize them into the Favorite category your channel sidebar.
```

Reviewer: I see where you're going with the change and appreciate it! 

I've added a proposal to the change which includes spelling corrections as we use American English and not UK English, hence the "z" instead of an "s" and no "u" in the word "favorite".

> To mark a channel as a **Favorite** one, you need to follow a simple step :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a channel as a **Favorite** one, open the channel:
```

> open the channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. include:: ../_static/badges/allplans-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

> By deciding which public channels, private channels, and direct messages are most significant to you, you can organize your channel sidebar by marking the channels that are most important to you as **Favorites**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mark public channels, private channels, and direct messages as **Favorite** so they appear in the **Favorite** category in the channel sidebar.
```
```

> To mark a channel as a **Favorite** one, open the channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a channel as a **Favorite**, open the channel:
```

> To mark a channel as a **Favorites** one, you need to open the channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a channel as a **Favorite**, open the channel:
```

.. image:: ../images/favorites-list-sidebar.png
    :alt: Favorite channels in the channel sidebar.
       
**On mobile:** Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Favorite**. To remove a channel from the **Favorites** list, select **Favorite** again.
.. image:: ../images/fav.gif

>   :alt: Favorite channels in the channel sidebar using phone app.

Reviewer: Is this imagine from the mobile app? It looks like it's from the desktop app.

Author: yup that is from mobile app... what chenges do i need to make ?

Reviewer: I'd propose replacing "phone app" with "mobile app". :)
